fix: Remove grafna dashboard from router (#2062)
llm-d/llm-d-inference-scheduler: DEVELOPMENT.md

PROM_ENABLED=true KIND_PROM_HOST_PORT=30091 make env-dev-kind
```

> Grafana dashboards for the Inference Gateway (EPP) live in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana dashboards for the llm-d Router live in the
```
